feat: bootstrap Special Interest Groups (SIG) (#858)
open-component-model/open-component-model: docs/community/SIG-Lifecycle.md

# SIG Lifecycle Guide

This guide describes the lifecycle management for Special Interest Groups (SIGs) in the OCM project, including creation, operation, and archiving/dissolution.

## 1. Creation

- Read the SIG Governance Model and Lifecycle Guide to understand the process and requirements.

> - Draft your SIG charter (see example [Kubernetes SIG Charter](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/committee-steering/governance/README.md)), outlining:

Reviewer: Do we really need a full charter?

Author: do you mean if we need the charter already in the submission for the SIG or a charter for the SIG at all?

- The OCM Technical Steering Committee (TSC) reviews and approves proposals.
- Once approved, announce your SIG in the community (mailing list, Slack, etc.) and update documentation.
- Add your SIG to `sigs.yaml` and update documentation as needed.

## SIG Charter Approval Process

After submitting a SIG proposal and charter (as a GitHub issue), the following approval process applies:

1. **Announcement & Public Review:** Announce the proposal and charter in the community (e.g., mailing list, Slack, repo) and invite feedback for a defined period (e.g., 2 weeks).
2. **Feedback Collection:** Community members can provide comments and suggestions on the issue or via designated channels.
3. **TSC Review & Discussion:** The OCM Technical Steering Committee (TSC) reviews all feedback, discusses the proposal, and may request changes or clarifications.
4. **Formal Approval:** The TSC formally approves the charter, records the decision in meeting minutes, and links the approved charter in the community documentation.

This process ensures transparency, community involvement, and clear documentation for all new SIGs.

## 2. Operation

> - Schedule regular meetings (at least every 4-6 weeks; cadence may be adjusted for project needs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schedule regular meetings (at least every 8 weeks; cadence may be adjusted for project needs).
```
